The rule of law society, although I am the dragon king
But you can't kill people easily
Lord Dragon King, spare your life
You make good use of the imperial staff
Defects, you will be rebuilt by your mistakes.
Not yet lost
Do you really have to see the destruction of the Zhao family before you are willing to be reconciled?
You wait for the ants to make a serious anger, what can you do to me?
The imperial tent is gone
One day I will ask the lord to seal a penny
Today is the end of your Fan family
And this kid's life
Zhao Wujie, you really don't change
Today I will cut off your Zhao family's way of life
Get rid of this scourge for Great Xia
All the important business talks of the boy Daxia
It was all held at the Dark Sea International of my Zhao family's seven stars
Every penny in the summer
All flowed out of the hands of the old man
Daxia's property is the property of my Zhao family
What are you taking to break my certificate?
It seems that you are not just bullying others
Still a moth
borer
Only eat grain
And the old man
The food is good
That being the case
From today onwards
Hanhai international customs
You're not crazy, are you?
Hanhai International has stood in the building for hundreds of years
You can close it if you say so.
This doesn't mean you want to break me, Zhao.
The way to live at home
I want to open a ten-star hotel in the building
Business in all buildings
It's going to be held in my hotel
May I ask if this counts as breaking the life of your Zhao family?
implementation fee
Do you know what the concept of implementation gold is?
At least hundreds of billions
Even if you sell the moving woman
Can't raise enough money
Let you put on airs here
Even if you have 100 billion
Without the permission of the old man
You can't open this hotel in Mansion Nation
No one else can drive it, I can